ten feet outlet for the length and the
back to Andrew puts it on the floor into
the lane leave Hawkins on the floor
Hawkins comes up with it ahead to Willis
caps it off the tokens out to Ulis feeds
Willis in the lane ahead to Booker up
the left side feeds Andrew Harrison back
to Booker drop the left wing Aaron
Harrison up to Andrew frontcourt right
side rise to the basket shovel pass
crossover move by Andrew Harrison lost
the handle picked up by Aaron Harrison
three on one to the quarry
now feeds it to towns on the roll right
baseline hooks it over to Lee Andrew
angles right drives down the lane shovel
pass point first dunk coming out the
linspace five Aaron's got it Brian junk
Ulis around Torres into frontcourt down
the right side of the lane hooks this
one
you saw that coming before we even made
the drive but sit across it it's stolen
by Aaron Harrison red ass and a duck
Eddie came to challenge Aaron gave him a
little facial goes into the circle
Starfleet's dakari johnson for running
slam willis outlet pass the Hawking
driving up the right side
here becomes into towns in the left
border towns cries sounds with the high
post with ball movement by the cats 15
to shoot
Sandra Harrison in the lakeside back to
Ulis here's the LOB that hits the rim
intended for lead grand and slammed in
my town heads-up play
bounce pass ahead to Poythress goes for
the basket
kranthi to leave was banded away of
stolen picked up and slammed and by Karl
town are you let's gonna pull up deep
three right side no good
three down slam dunk but back for Karl
towns Ulis lob and a sleigh Marcus Lee
tapped out by Lee over to will aspires
it ahead to Ulis glob back to Willis for
Sam Ulis off the Hawkins right side
Ilana dude Derek Willis has a head the
Hawkins won't go
gives it to his brother there's a lot
coming in on the right baseline for
Oscar Lopez lead with a ski up Trump Lee
read the past driving and slamming it
down with one hand in the other
to you to speak on the right side to the
table tickets into the lane into the rim
pulls it up for Slam by Marcus Lee
Kentucky's got it cooker clears it out
the boy first found past Johnson down
the lane the fiery jump and run in the
floor gets rewarded with the plan
contested at the Villa right side drives
across the circle going left down the
lane passes to lead across the baseline
to town pump fake output a dunk off the
bounce dead time didn't get much help
against this fall of Santana was backing
him down right side the Willis pass them
a thrid drives flips it up for a loose
ball cats in front court Ulis here's a
low speed to dakari Johnson ten feet
outlet for the light hands it back to
Andrew Christ up
dakari Johnson drives it to the corner
pulls up these towns with the hypose
back to Willa oh great
two-man game Mike all knocked away and
stolen and fretboard by Andrew Harrison
four on one lava this block by town
turns and fires an outlet pass the Derek
Willis streaking to the other end
don't you know stops it away picked up
by Hopkins cats on the run Hawkins
drives right side gives it to the
trailer will appear down comes two towns
right of the circle lob and a slam for
Derek Willis off the P from Karl town
Ulis on the right wing comes up the pick
from towns and they don't have no award
for that
truffles truffles and they don't have no